#!perl -w
# run this document through perl to check its syntax
use Pod::Checker;
podchecker(\*DATA);
__END__

=head1 NAME

Business::Travel::OTA::installguide::ota - Installation Guide for the OTA Specification Files (*.xsd)

=head1 INTRODUCTION

This is the Installation Guide to OTA Specification files (*.xsd).

This is not an official guide, as though there were only one right way to do it.
Rather, it describes a reasonable way to install the files.
Other installation guides in this set of documentation will assume that the
schema files have been installed this way.  If you install it another way,
you will need to make the appropriate adjustments.

Each OTA specification release (twice a year) includes a set of
.xsd (XML schema definition) files, some sample .xml files, and an
XML codes table.

If some of the commands below look complicated, that's ok. You can cut
and paste them from this guide. (Make sure you get all lines of a
multi-line command.)

=head1 INSTALLATION

=head2 OTA 2005B on Linux (2006-04-19)

Review and agree to the license.

  http://www.opentravel.org/license.cfm

Choose a location to install.
I build all of my systems with a "project root directory"
which is stored in an environment variable called "PREFIX".
For this installation, I was installing in my development environment.
(You could, however, choose a system place such as "/usr/local".)

  export PREFIX=/usr/rubicon/spadkins

Download and unpack 2005B.

  cd $PREFIX/src
  mkdir tar
  wget -O tar/OTA2005B_Publication.zip http://www.opentravel.org/downloads/OTA2005B_Publication.zip
  mkdir OTA2005B
  cd OTA2005B
  unzip ../tar/OTA2005B_Publication.zip

Install 2005B.

  mkdir $PREFIX/share
  mkdir $PREFIX/share/ota
  mkdir $PREFIX/share/ota/2005B
  mkdir $PREFIX/share/ota/2005B/schema
  mkdir $PREFIX/share/ota/2005B/schema-flat
  mkdir $PREFIX/share/ota/2005B/samples

  # The perl/expand pipelines below simply copy the files
  # and perform the following transformations on them.
  #  1. change CR-LF combinations to LF only
  #  2. change solo CR's to LF
  #  3. expand tabs to 2 spaces each
  #  4. reformat as necessary

  # cp $PREFIX/src/OTA2005B/_OTA2005B_XML/*.xsd $PREFIX/share/ota/2005B/schema
  cd $PREFIX/src/OTA2005B/_OTA2005B_XML
  for file in *.xsd
  do
    cat $file |
      perl -p -e 's/\r+\n/\n/g;
                  s/\r/\n/g;' |
      expand -t 2 > $PREFIX/share/ota/2005B/schema/$file
  done

  # cp $PREFIX/src/OTA2005B/_OTA2005B_XMLFlattenedSchema/*.xsd $PREFIX/share/ota/2005B/schema-flat
  cd $PREFIX/src/OTA2005B/_OTA2005B_XMLFlattenedSchema
  for file in *.xsd
  do
    cat $file |
      perl -p -e 's/\r+\n/\n/g;
                  s/\r/\n/g;' |
      expand -t 2 > $PREFIX/share/ota/2005B/schema-flat/$file
  done

  # cp $PREFIX/src/OTA2005B/_OTA2005B_XML/*.xml $PREFIX/share/ota/2005B/samples
  cd $PREFIX/src/OTA2005B/_OTA2005B_XML
  for file in *.xml
  do
    cat $file |
      perl -p -e 's/\r+\n/\n/g;
                  s/\r/\n/g;' |
      expand -t 2 > $PREFIX/share/ota/2005B/samples/$file
  done

  # also reformat to be nicer to read
  # cp $PREFIX/src/OTA2005B/_OTA_CodeTable/OTA_CodeTable20051122.xml $PREFIX/share/ota/2005B/codetable.xml
  cat $PREFIX/src/OTA2005B/_OTA_CodeTable/OTA_CodeTable20051122.xml |
    perl -p -e 's/\r+\n/\n/g;
              s/\r/\n/g;
              s/" *\n/" /g;
              s!^<Codes!  <Codes!mg;
              s!^<Code !    <Code !mg;
              s!^<CodeContents!      <CodeContents!mg;
              s!^<CodeContent !        <CodeContent !mg;
              s!^</CodeContents!      </CodeContents!mg;
              s!^</Code>!    </Code>!mg;
              s!^</Codes!  </Codes!mg;
              s/Name = /Name=/g;' |
    expand -t 2 > $PREFIX/share/ota/2005B/codetable.xml

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

 * Author:  Stephen Adkins <sadkins@therubicongroup.com>
 * Copyright: (c) 2006 Stephen Adkins (for the purpose of making it Free)
 * License: This is free software. It is licensed under the same terms as Perl itself.

=head1 SEE ALSO

<Business::Travel::OTA::installguide>

=cut

