#!perl -w
# run this document through perl to check its syntax
use Pod::Checker;
podchecker(\*DATA);
__END__

=head1 NAME

Business::Travel::OTA::installguide::win32 - Installation Guide for the Business-Travel-OTA Distribution on Win32 System

=head1 INTRODUCTION

This is the Installation Guide to the Business-Travel-OTA distribution
for the Microsoft Windows platform.
You can find out more background to the project on the web.

  http://search.cpan.org/~spadkins/Business-Travel-OTA/lib/Business/Travel/OTA.pm
  http://search.cpan.org/~spadkins/Business-Travel-OTA
  http://sourceforge.net/projects/ota-tools
  http://www.opentravel.org 

You should also read through the Business::Travel::OTA::installguide and
understand how it would be installed on Unix/Linux
before consulting this specialized Win32 guide. 

This will describe how to get
up and running (for demonstration or development purposes) from a
plain vanilla Windows system.

These instructions assume that your PC is connected to the
Internet.

=head1 PERL

The official Perl for the Windows platform is available from
ActiveState.

  http://www.activestate.com
  http://www.activestate.com/Products/ActivePerl/

Registration is required, but it is free of charge.
Follow the download and installation directions and you should end
up with perl installed in the following directories under C:\Perl.

  C:\Perl            # install directory for Perl
  C:\Perl\bin        # programs directory (home of perl.exe)
  C:\Perl\eg         # example code
  C:\Perl\html       # html doc for the installed perl modules
  C:\Perl\lib        # standard perl modules
  C:\Perl\site\lib   # extram perl modules installed at this site

=head1 OTHER PERL MODULES

After you install the base Perl distribution, you need to install
a number of other Perl modules, which would normally be downloaded
from CPAN.  Because you are installing on a Windows platform, however,
you will use ActiveState's Perl Package Manager (PPM, included with
ActiveState Perl).  This installs Windows binary versions of many of the
packages which are on CPAN from ActiveState's website.
Take a look at this web page.

  http://aspn.activestate.com/ASPN/Modules

NOTE: The following instructions are good for the latest version of PPM (PPM3).
Some syntax changed since PPM2.

You can go into the PPM utility to manage installed binary distributions
and check on which "repositories" of PPM files are currently configured.

  C:\> ppm
  PPM> repository
  PPM> quit
  C:\>

Not all of the Perl modules you may want (i.e. mod_perl) are available from
ActiveState, so you should know about a second popular repository for PPM 
files.  Take a look at the following web pages.

  http://theoryx5.uwinnipeg.ca/ppmpackages/
  http://theoryx5.uwinnipeg.ca/

To add this repository to the list for the ppm shell utility to
search, do the following.

  C:\> ppm
  PPM> repository add theoryx5 http://theoryx5.uwinnipeg.ca/cgi-bin/ppmserver?urn:/PPMServer
  PPM> repository add officevision http://www.officevision.com/pub/ppm/           # for App::Options, App::Build, App::Context, etc.
  PPM> quit
  C:\>

You may also want to add the following repositories if you don't find what you want
on those other repositories.

  PPM> repository add crazyinsomniac http://crazyinsomniac.perlmonk.org/perl/ppm/ # for various hard to find modules
  PPM> repository add bribes http://www.bribes.org/perl/ppm/                      # for various hard to find modules
  PPM> repository add gtk2 http://gtk2-perl.sourceforge.net/win32/ppm/            # for GTK2
  PPM> repository add log4perl http://log4perl.sourceforge.net/ppm/               # for log4perl
  PPM> repository add openi http://openinteract.sourceforge.net/ppmpackages/      # for Template Toolkit

The following commands are to install the packages which are
necessary in order for any of Business-Travel-OTA to run.

(Sometimes a module will fail to install because more than one version of it was found.
You may need to follow up any such "install XYZ::ABC" module with a command like "install 1"
which selects one of the versions found. Sometimes even this will fail, saying that the
module is already installed.  In that case, you may need to type something like
"install 1 -force -nofollow".  Sometimes you need to "search XYZ::ABC" before you do the
"install 1 -force -nofollow".)

  C:\> ppm
  PPM> install TimeDate                # Date::Parse and Date::Format
  PPM> install Module::Build
  PPM> install App::Build
  PPM> install App::Options
  PPM> install XML::Simple
  PPM> install XML::XPath
  PPM> install Business::Travel::OTA
  PPM> quit
  C:\>

HTML documentation which is available here

  http://search.cpan.org

should also be installed on your hard disk here.

=cut

=head1 NMAKE

The PPM method for installing software is described above.  However, the method of
installing software which is most native to Perl is through the CPAN shell.
In order for this to work, you need a "make" tool.  Microsoft provides "nmake" for
this purpose.

I found reference to "nmake" on Microsoft's site here.

  http://support.microsoft.com/default.aspx?scid=kb;en-us;132084

Then I downloaded the most recent version (a self-extracting archive) here.

  http://download.microsoft.com/download/vc15/patch/1.52/w95/en-us/nmake15.exe

After saving it on your disk, run the program to extract three files.

  README.TXT
  NMAKE.EXE
  NMAKE.ERR

Move these files to C:\Perl\bin.  This should put them in the PATH so that
they will be found by the CPAN shell.

=head1 APACHE

=head1 MOD_PERL

The following is derived from

  http://perl.apache.org/win32_binaries.html

After installing Perl and Apache, you can then install mod_perl
via the PPM utility.

  C:\> ppm
  PPM> install mod_perl
  PPM> quit
  C:\>

The mod_perl PPM package also includes the necessary Apache DLL
mod_perl.so; a post-installation script should be run which will offer
to copy this file to your Apache modules directory (eg, C:\Apache\modules).

Note that the mod_perl package available from this site will always use
the latest mod_perl sources compiled against the latest official Apache
release; depending on changes made in Apache, you may or may not be able
to use an earlier Apache binary. However, in the Apache Win32 world it
is particularly a good idea to use the latest version, for bug and
security fixes.

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

 * Author:  Stephen Adkins <sadkins@therubicongroup.com>
 * Copyright: (c) 2006 Stephen Adkins (for the purpose of making it Free)
 * License: This is free software. It is licensed under the same terms as Perl itself.

=head1 SEE ALSO

<Business::Travel::OTA::installguide>

=cut

