#!perl -w
# run this document through perl to check its syntax
use Pod::Checker;
podchecker(\*DATA);
__END__

=head1 NAME

Business::Travel::OTA::installguide::xerces - Installation Guide for the XML::Xerces

=head1 INTRODUCTION

This is the Installation Guide to XML::Xerces.

XML::Xerces is a perl module built on top of the (Apache) Xerces C libraries (Xerces-C).
It has full-featured XML parsing, validation, XPath, and construction capabilities.

You can find out more background on the project on the web.

  http://xerces.apache.org/xerces-p/                      # XML::Xerces for Perl
  http://xml.apache.org/xerces-c/                         # Xerces-C overview page
  http://xml.apache.org/xerces-c/install.html             # installation instructions
  http://xml.apache.org/xerces-c/download.cgi             # download page
  http://xml.apache.org/xerces-c/build.html               # build overview
  http://xml.apache.org/xerces-c/build-winunix.html#UNIX  # build from source on Unix
  http://xml.apache.org/xerces-c/apiDocs/index.html       # C/C++ API documentation
  http://xml.apache.org/xerces-c/program.html             # Xerces programming guide

There is not much explicit documentation for the Perl API.
However, it follows the C API very closely, and there is good documentation for the C API.

The following are installation notes from specific successful attempts to install the software.

=head1 INSTALLATION

=head2 Xerces 2.7.0 from Source (gcc-3.3.4) on Linux (Gentoo 3.3.4-r1) (2006-04-19)

Followed instructions at

  http://xerces.apache.org/xerces-p/
  http://xml.apache.org/xerces-c/build-winunix.html#UNIX

Downloaded Xerces C.

  su -   # you must be root for some of the following operations (to install in system places)
  cd /usr/local/src
  mkdir tar
  wget -O tar/xerces-c-current.tar.gz http://www.apache.org/dist/xml/xerces-c/xerces-c-current.tar.gz
  tar xvzf tar/xerces-c-current.tar.gz

Built Xerces C according to the source compilation instructions.

  cd xerces-c-src_2_7_0
  export XERCESCROOT=/usr/local/src/xerces-c-src_2_7_0
  cd $XERCESCROOT/src/xercesc
  autoconf
  ./runConfigure -plinux -cgcc -xg++ -minmem -nsocket -tnative -rpthread
  make
  ls -l $XERCESCROOT/lib
  make install
  ls -l /usr/local/lib/libxerces*
  cp -r $XERCESCROOT/include/xercesc /usr/local/include/xercesc

Built XML::Xerces (perl) according to the compilation instructions, by downloading off
of CPAN.

  export XERCES_INCLUDE=/usr/local/include
  export XERCES_LIB=/usr/local/lib
  perl -MCPAN -e "install XML::Xerces"

That's it. It worked. Please note that I have included the exact sequence of commands
that worked for me.  These represent some slight differences from what is documented
on the Xerces website.

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

 * Author:  Stephen Adkins <sadkins@therubicongroup.com>
 * Copyright: (c) 2006 Stephen Adkins (for the purpose of making it Free)
 * License: This is free software. It is licensed under the same terms as Perl itself.

=head1 SEE ALSO

<Business::Travel::OTA::installguide>

=cut

